21158 update info about hydration (#117)
flotiq/flotiq-docs: docs/API/content-type/listing-co.md

If you wish to receive underlying objects attached to objects you are listing, you need to send a request with query parameter `hydrate` set to `1`.
There is only 1 level of hydration. The example below shows example response for products with a category, product image and product gallery.

> **Below we show how you can, while downloading a product, display the name of its category, i.e. product -> category -> name - this is an ideal application for hydration.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Below we show how you can, while fetching a product, display the name of its category, i.e. product -> category -> name - this is an ideal case for hydration.**
```

                "productImage": [{
                    "type": "internal",
                    "dataUrl": "/api/v1/content/_media/_media-b35676ac-94f5-4200-9e16-eef40b649352"
                }],
                "productGallery": [{
                    "type": "internal",
                    "dataUrl": "/api/v1/content/_media/_media-b35676ac-94f5-4200-9e16-eef40b649352"
                }]
            }]
        }
        ```
        

> As you can see after adding hydrate instead of {dataUr: ...} we get a full object, so we can immediately show the values ​​without additional requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see after adding hydrate instead of `{dataUrl: ...}` we get a full object, so we can immediately show the values ​​without additional requests.
```
